# Data-Visualization-Education-for-Children-with-Functional-Difficulties
The importance of understanding the disparities between children with functional difficulties and children without functional difficulties in terms of education.

Learning is a difficult process for all students. However, there is a distinct group of children who have functional difficulties which can be in the form of either mental or physical difficulties, and they can encompass both types of disability at the same time (Bradshaw, 2022). Some functional difficulties are caused due to accidents or hereditary diseases. Accordingly, such children encounter more difficulties than other students and children with functional difficulties remain one of society’s most excluded groups (Ainscow, Mel & Haile-Giorgis, Memmenasha, 1998).

The main barriers to education for children with functional difficulties can take shape in a variety of forms. They can be physical, technological, systemic, financial or attitudinal or they can arise from an education provider’s failure to make the necessary  accommodation needed available in a timely manner. Unfortunately, physical or mental difficulties create a huge barrier between healthy and disabled children. It is really hard to understand children with speech or hearing problems, as well as the ones with mental sickness. 

As a result, we set out to uncover the essential factors in education that lead to a larger number of children with functional difficulties, including adjusted net attendance rate (ANAR), out-of-school rate (OOSR), completion rate and foundational learning skills. With all of these metrics, important insights into the educational advancement of children with functional difficulties in all the 32 nations and areas listed may be discovered and applied.
